what's with the jeans can I tell you a
funny story about red band red band yeah
okay just reminded me I was at the
Comedy Store there tonight
and apparently Jerry Seinfeld stopped in
to do a spot and he did like a Q&A
session
it's pretty crazy fresh but also people
know that Santa doesn't normally drop in
and in that way no you know it's not
common yes but not and I had heard also
just to make to make the point of how
big of a deal this was he hasn't been to
the store since like 79 that's what
they're saying and a lot of that yeah
there's a lot of drumming between The
Improv and The Comedy Store back in that
era about being a paid regular one club
wouldn't let you do the other and then
what happened to the Comedy Store some
crazy Booker was holding the reins that
place and like wouldn't let major acts
do drop-ins because they weren't quote
passed by mitzi who's the owner of the
Comedy Store so like you'd have like
Sarah Silverman wanted to come and do
drop-ins at the Comedy Store ten years
ago and this Booker would be like no you
can't and so that guy you know he's gone
now and the doors have opened so no one
like become a better place but anyways
so Seinfeld was there which is a huge
deal huge deal and he's doing like this
Q&A with the comics afterwards in the
audience I guess and our friend Brian
Redman raised his hand and goes I have a
question do you wipe standing up or
sitting down hilarious
I think it's so funny I apparently not a
lot of people agreed you know got upset
yeah people cuz I think he walked
Seinfeld and he was like Seinfeld
answered it and was like all right I
gotta go yeah that was the last we're
doing now good job I was really funny
that's really great I'd have been like I
have a question you do you jerk off to
your portions in them or just looking at
them yeah seriously how much money does
that guy have I mean he is I don't know
there's there's different you know
accounts but I think he's probably in
the high
nine figures mm-hmm hi for sure
and Jay Leno nine figures
yeah stupid cars - he loves his cars I
haven't touched any away Tonight Show
money yeah yeah I mean they love cars
man yeah they just uh he just sold some
cars this weekend Seinfeld was mean days
yeah he auctioned off some of his
Porsches Oh
oh good for him for a lot of money
Wow yeah you have like what he needs a
collector well he said he wanted to put
them back into circulation because I've
enjoyed them it's time that I respect
that
he seems like a nice dude I don't think
there's anything wrong with that guy
no I don't either I never hurt and I
think I believe he's probably like I've
had these a while I should probably just
back out there so but I love it Brian
asked that question that's very same
funniest thing I've ever heard do you
wipe sitting down understand yeah
and he answered it right and he answered
it yeah he's like all right the anemic
that's enough assholes today yeah they
walked him what just amazing Brian yeah
people are mad people weren't happy
about that